Update tactical-ddd-content.md (#4464)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/microservices/model/tactical-ddd-content.md

> Domain-driven design (DDD) opposes the idea of having a single unified model for the entire system; instead it encourages dividing the system into bounded contexts, each of which have their own model. During the strategic phase of DDD, you are mapping out the business domain and defining bounded contexts for your domain models. Tactical DDD is when you define your domain models with more precision. The tactical patterns are applied within a single bounded context. In a microservices architecture, each microservice should have its own bounded context and we are particularly interested in the entity and aggregate patterns. Applying these patterns will help us to identify natural boundaries for the services in our application (see the [next article](./microservice-boundaries.yml) in this series). As a general principle, a microservice should be no smaller than an aggregate, and no larger than a bounded context. First, we'll review the tactical patterns. Then we'll apply them to the Shipping bounded context in the Drone Delivery application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain-driven design (DDD) opposes the idea of having a single unified model for the entire system; instead, it encourages dividing the system into bounded contexts, each of which have their own model. During the strategic phase of DDD, you are mapping out the business domain and defining bounded contexts for your domain models.

Tactical DDD is when you define your domain models with more precision. The tactical patterns are applied within a single bounded context. In a microservices architecture, where each bounded context is a microservice candidate, we are particularly interested in the entity and aggregate patterns. Applying these patterns will help us to identify natural boundaries for the services in our application (see the [next article](./microservice-boundaries.yml) in this series). As a general principle, a microservice should be no smaller than an aggregate, and no larger than a bounded context. First, we'll review the tactical patterns. Then we'll apply them to the Shipping bounded context in the Drone Delivery application.
```
